the door opens begins the trigger who and
why only in school I understand I am on the board
I look I speak beautifully at me
it turned out Russia
it's easy for you to talk about you
it's harder for me
I, too, was not easy to draw good
day let friends go why
argue and we draw
I drew ornaments like this
leaves dotted dashes
and here we can never decide which
of them better and more beautiful let me see
look well i like both of me too
the more so because you have drawn perfectly
different look types of ornament so i
I think that in your dispute
friendship won in different types of ornament
and so you yourself spoke one of
the past lessons that ornament is
repeating pattern
what kind of a lot are there about
different kinds
ornament and each one in its own way
unique for example shu dinar navin here
called linear I why because
he them off line or like league
correctly look and here is a zubko ornament
called circular but its still often
call the word rosette why rosette
socket is such a thing mouth where
all kinds of electrical appliances stick from
word rosette comes from french
the words
zed meaning rosette ornament and
It seems to usually include a socket
flower ornament
what beautiful ornaments where depicted
leaves and fruits and trees are called
vegetative and I understood they were growing
that with him right look here
for example a floral ornament with fruits
But look flower ornament and
thumbs and now and the fact that all
items in the ornament should be
simple but recognizable
for this, all the extra parts are removed
it's called stylization stylization what
it is but look here for example
ordinary maple leaf wow how
interesting and if its form to simplify and
remove all unnecessary details
then we will see this
and very simple ornament
Well, for example such as a portrayed Shun
but not only linear but also
geometric in may consist of
different geometric shapes triangle
square and circles of a dotted line
geometric ornaments probably the most
simple well it just think drew
triangle or circle added a few
lines and points and here it is today a few
just repeated vlad arredamenti ready but
can not you say the geometric environment
Ornaments are simple
for example here such but there are also difficult
geometric designs here please
and there is another type of ornament
animals animals or something
just so different animals and birds however
their images are also greatly simplified
here look but of course there is that too
a separate type of ornament here look well
so what kind of ornament
we will draw today and
where everything is repeated with water and moreover
vegetable do not really like all sorts
leaves and flowers, especially in the ornament
sketch shave the artist already draws
first leaf
next to him are different curls and now
repeat all the same but of course
repeat from yourself and born 1-40 should
repeat
how wonderful it turned out but all
ready turned vegetable
linear ornament is quite true well
now it's time to give the guys
homework friends
draw a beautiful ornament and send
us a floral ornament and animal
Well, in general, what is more to you
we are very looking forward to your letters
and now the lesson is over before meeting in
cone school